---
title: "summer 22"
date: "monday, october 31st"
---

**JULY**

Ironically I built and learned more about web development this month than I ever did in college. I feel like college focuses way too much on DS/A, but given how proficiency in DS/A usually ends up being the deciding factor between whether you get a job or not in most cases I can't fault it for doing so.

**AUGUST**

Built coaless\*. Really fun and kind of challenging, but useful to me and I still use it myself to this day. Looking back especially at the design, I think I did a bit too much with the font and logo

**SEPTEMBER**

hypochondria got the better of me and i had to deal with clinically diagnosed insomnia for a few months. my first ever life threatening ailment experience was not a fun one and i hope to never experience anything like it again. building this blog and learning new technologies provided a much needed escape from what was going on inside my head. but more than anything, music really was there for me more than anything else. my love for music has always been great but after this experience it has skyrocketed to probably the most important thing in my life. i felt like i needed to create something, in my own way through code, that expresses my love for the art form. i have an idea that i think will really bring people lots of joy and discovery, but the idea is only ever 5%. execution is 95% - <small> daniel elk, spotify</small>

**DECEMBER**

the insomnia slowly dissipates on its own thankfully. everything i mentioned before played a huge role, but one thing i completely forgot about is my love for design. it wasn't until apple released the iphone 14 pro and it's dynamic island that i realized just how much a role design played in my life and how it accelerated my love for creating something impactful. like alice in wonderland, i surrounded myself with design icons from virgil abloh to steve jobs and really tried to understand what they saw as if through a looking glass. museum art to every day entities such as an MTA train line symbol, things i always overlooked that took me 24 years to actually pay attention to and to see the beauty, the history, the love that went into. i can only hope that one day i create something just as ubiquitous, whose importance is only revealed when the curtains nearly close.
